hello how good a day I'm another better than
caster de pila gamer mexico the day of
today I have to show you why
simply ask me Mexico is the
best central video game tournament
of all country
life gamer mexico is a central
tournaments where all kinds of gamer can
compete regardless of your level of
player
life gamer technology is also
find the vanguard with what is
the latest generation consoles for
that you can play in what is the
newer war machines are also
has what is monitors
gaming professionals these
provided by 21 so that so ever
miss the details at the time of
to play
you also have what is the
skullcandy headsets so you can
listen even to the beats of
your opponents
everything is also recorded through
the captured hours of the cat's video
gaming for all transmissions in
I live life gamer like that wherever
you find you will never get lost in
battlefield action the best
cases so that you live all the emotion of
the tournaments as if you were there and
we have then acted in 20 and it
will carry the flag if the
flag up to 10 meters is to capture it and
the catch we have score for the
red team and we started from the
perspective of pierce with the involvement of
identifies such and tish cyrus by the side
of the neckar resurrection hero team
they find each other
these guys where they are
panama of zona de choche and many of
these players who are already starting to
fall low in this zone moment already
fallen fatalist Nice loaded multiseat
there of pylon takes three tender
for one and that's how quickly you can
finish this first map the
facilities have three
competition stations each with
capacity for eight players and also
you have what is the basic services
that everything I could need to give them
the case as what it is what it is for
that you can keep all things a
cafeteria for when you're hungry and
also when health service
you have to go you have to go
Prizes are cash and also
has what is the support of
sponsors in each season
competitive in life war
a whole state 100% committed to
give only the best to the gamer and the most
important is that you have the opportunity
to stand out as a competitive gamer
professional in each of the
following games
Y
so you know it better go to life
that develop me and playing